TypeScript (#1819)
enkidevs/curriculum: typescript/introduction/tsc-data-types-i/tsc-number-string-boolean.md

---
author: kapnobatai136

type: normal

category: must-know

aspects:
  - introduction

---

# Number, String & Boolean

---
## Content

### String

> A *string* is just a data type used to represent a sequence of characters. For a value to be a string, it must be enclosed in either single (`'`) or double (`"`) quotation marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A *string* is a data type that represents a sequence of characters. For a value to be a string, it must be enclosed in single (`'`) or double (`"`) quotation marks or back-ticks `` ` ``
```

```ts

> let brand: string = 'Samsung';
> brand = "Apple";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let brand: string = 'Samsung';
brand = "Apple";
brand = `Enki`;
```
